hello there everybody this is Erin
coming to you once again from Feldman
Nissan welcome once again to the 2011
Nissan Rogue SV
Oh wheel drive this is that mid trim
level for the rogue and what I want to
point out is when you move from the S to
the SV you get a lot of stuff out of
bold savings we get aluminum alloy
wheels 17-inch versus the 16 inch steel
wheels get the rear view monitor with
the color display bluetooth intelligent
key XM satellite radio in a six way
power driver's seat
saves you a bunch of money now this
particular vehicle does have the roof
rails with a chrome accent gorgeous
chrome accented handles come on around
this is indigo blue this has a gray
cloth interior another thing with the SV
is it does have an upgraded cloth hold
it more like a matched a little bit
easier to clean up as with all the rows
we have a good amount of cargo space in
the back with that latch system seats
move forward 60/40 split should you need
any additional cargo space got a little
cargo space underneath here as well
this particular vehicle rear bumper
protector it's amazing how much that can
save on damage just loading things in
and out of vehicle
there's our rear view camera which I
will demonstrate for you the back wiper
intermittent wiper
now this is based upon the chassis of
the SEM truck so you get all-wheel drive
you sit a little higher but you get the
fuel efficiency and the comfort of
driving a car like I said power driver's
seat intelligent key so I put my foot on
the brake and I could turn it on I just
believe this in my purse pocket wherever
we've got our sound system here sounds
absolutely wonderful this is XM
satellite equipped climate control this
is a CVT transmission the garrulous
shifting absolutely smooth and
comfortable cupholders storage
I should also point out that with the SV
you do get privacy glass not here in the
front windows but in all the windows to
the rear of the vehicle it's absolutely
wonderful not too dark either cruise
control this vehicle like I said this is
equipped with the hands-free phone
system we've got audio controls right
here
everything on the dash looks wonderful
fuel efficient any 126 miles to the
gallon
some people do even a little better
depending on your driving habits this is
one of our top sellers I think it's
because you get all wheel drive drives
like a car you'll efficient sporty fun
it looks good stylish safe you name it
this is just representative of what we
have in stock as far as robes go if you
want to see specifically what we have
pay us a visit our website Feldman's
calm if you have interest please give us
a call we're at ninety five two five six
seven
always check us out on Facebook my name
is Aaron I come from